# spotifyArtistLab5
The program titled SpotifyArtistLab5 is meant to take in multiple csv files that contain a list of records: song rank, song title, name of artist, streams, and the url, and takes the song title and puts it into one array, the name of the artist and puts it into another array, and takes the stream count and puts it into a third array.
The program creates a class called Song which is a node that contains the song title, artist name and stream count. It contains all the methods pertaining to a song, adding the song name, artist, stream count, getting the name, artist, stream count, returning the information pertaining to a particular song and comparing to song titles. Setter methods are used to set the informationa dn getter methods are used to retrieve information from the Songs. From there, there is anotehr class called SongPlaylist that contains multiple songs with the information for each song, and creates a binary search tree. It contains all the classes pertaining to a playlist: finding a particular song, adding songs to the playlist/ binary search tree, organizing the binary search tree in an in order traverse tree, and finding a subset of the binary tree. And in the main class is where the different csv files are taken in and put into their respective arrays. The main program reads in all the files, adding the song titles to the song title array, the artist to the artist name array and the number of streams to the number of streams array. From there anotehr method takes this information - puts it in song nodes and creates the binary tree. Finally, the binary tree is printed out into another filed called results in an inorder traverese tree.
